Correct rocprofv3 usage instructions (#2925)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/hip/docs/how-to/performance_guidelines.rst

Follow this systematic approach to optimize GPU performance:

1. **Profile and measure baseline**

   Use ``rocprofv3`` to identify bottlenecks:

   .. code-block:: bash

>       rocprofv3 --stats -- <tracing_option> -- <application_path>

Author: ```suggestion
      rocprofv3 --stats --<tracing_option> -- <application_path>
```

   Collect metrics on kernel execution time, memory bandwidth, occupancy, and

>    CU utilization. For more details on using ``rocprofv3`` for application tracing and profiling, see `rocprofv3 documentation <https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocprofiler-sdk/en/latest/how-to/using-rocprofv3.html>`_.

Author: ```suggestion
   CU utilization. For more details on using ``rocprofv3`` for application tracing and profiling, see :doc:`rocprofv3 documentation <rocprofiler-sdk:how-to/using-rocprofv3>`.
```
